sections/01-concept/index.md, before:

---
title: Concept
has_children: false
nav_order: 2
---

# Concept

**Fractal Zoomer** is an interactive desktop and web application that allows users to explore fractal images with infinite zoom capabilities.

### Product Type
- Application with a graphical user interface (both web and desktop versions).

### Use Cases
- **Users**: Students, researchers, and hobbyists interested in fractals and mathematical visualization.
- **Interaction Frequency**: Users typically interact with the system during study sessions or recreational exploration, ranging from a few minutes to hours.
- **Interaction Devices**: Mainly desktop or laptop computers with mouse and keyboard, but the web version supports touch navigation on tablets.
- **Data Storage**: The system does not store user data persistently. User-generated images can be exported locally, but no user data is saved on the server.

### User Roles
- **Explorer**: Navigates and zooms into fractals, customizes parameters, and exports images.
- **Researcher**: Uses advanced customization options for fractal parameters to analyze mathematical properties.

Commit message:

docs: update concept section with project details

sections/01-concept/index.md, after:

---
title: Concept
has_children: false
nav_order: 2
---

# Concept

**Fractal Zoomer** is an interactive desktop application that enables users to explore and visualize three types of mathematical fractals: Mandelbrot set, Julia set, and Burning Ship fractal, with real-time zoom and pan capabilities.

## Overview

Fractals are infinitely complex patterns that exhibit self-similarity at different scales. Our application provides an intuitive graphical interface for exploring these mathematical objects, allowing users to discover intricate details by zooming into the fractal boundaries where complexity is highest.

### Product Type
- Desktop application with a graphical user interface built using Python and tkinter
- Standalone application requiring local installation

### Use Cases
- **Students**: Learning about complex numbers, iteration, and fractal mathematics through hands-on visualization
- **Educators**: Demonstrating mathematical concepts in classroom settings
- **Researchers**: Analyzing fractal properties and behaviors at different zoom levels
- **Hobbyists**: Exploring fractal aesthetics and discovering interesting patterns

**Interaction Frequency**: Users typically interact with the system during study sessions or recreational exploration, ranging from a few minutes to extended exploration sessions of several hours.

**Interaction Devices**: Desktop or laptop computers with mouse and keyboard. The application requires:
- Mouse for click-to-zoom and pan navigation
- Keyboard for parameter adjustments
- Display capable of rendering detailed graphics

**Data Storage**: The system does not persistently store user data or session information. All fractal calculations are performed in real-time and rendered directly to the screen. Future versions may support exporting rendered images to local storage.

### User Roles

**Explorer**: 
- Navigates through fractal spaces using mouse-based zoom and pan
- Switches
